[istio][docs] Federation and multicluster requirements (#7845)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/110-istio/docs/README.md

### Federation

> #### Requirements for clusters joining the federation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Requirements for clusters
```

> * Each cluster must have a unique cluster domain ([clusterDomain](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-clusterdomain) setting in `ClusterConfiguration` interface).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Each cluster must have a unique domain in the [`clusterDomain`](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-clusterdomain) parameter in the _ClusterConfiguration_ interface, the default value is `cluster.local`.
```

> * Each cluster must have a unique domain in the [`clusterDomain`](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-clusterdomain) parameter of the resource [_ClusterConfiguration_](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration), the default value is `cluster.local`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Each cluster must have a unique domain in the [`clusterDomain`](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-clusterdomain) parameter of the resource [_ClusterConfiguration_](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration). The default value is `cluster.local`.
```

### Multicluster

> #### Requirements for clusters that are combined into a multicluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Requirements for clusters
```

> * Cluster domains **should** be the same for all members of multicluster ([clusterDomain](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-clusterdomain) setting in `ClusterConfiguration` interface).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The cluster domains in the [`clusterDomain`](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-clusterdomain) parameter of the _ClusterConfiguration_ interface must be the same for all multi-cluster members, the default value is `cluster.local`.
```

> * Cluster domains in the [`clusterDomain`](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-clusterdomain) parameter of the resource [_ClusterConfiguration_](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration) must be the same for all multicluster members, the default value is `cluster.local`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Cluster domains in the [`clusterDomain`](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-clusterdomain) parameter of the resource [_ClusterConfiguration_](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration) must be the same for all multicluster members. The default value is `cluster.local`.
```

> * Pod and Service subnets **should** be unique for each multicluster member ([podSubnetCIDR](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-podsubnetcidr) and [serviceSubnetCIDR](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-servicesubnetcidr) settings in `ClusterConfiguration` resource).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Pod and Service subnets in the [`podSubnetCIDR`](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-podsubnetcidr) and [`serviceSubnetCIDR`](../../installing/configuration.html#clusterconfiguration-servicesubnetcidr) parameters of the _ClusterConfiguration_ interface must be unique for each multicluster member.
```
